# Bubble Tools

Command line tools for Bubble developers and administrators.

Command line administrator tools for creating and managing bubbles, reading and writing bubble content, and interacting with SDACs and smart contracts.  

NB, if you connect this application to your bubble then the private key generated by this application will have admin rights over your personas - do not allow it get into the wrong hands!

# Usage

## Initialise Your Local Wallet

To initialise your wallet use the following command.

```
node src/cli.mjs wallet connectToBubble
```
## Connect To Your Bubble

The output of the `connectToBubble` command above includes a request code to paste into your Bubble Dashboard.  This will connect the application to your Bubble ID letting you transact as your personas using the application's local private key.

**NB: When you authorise the request, Bubble Tools will be given admin rights over your personas.  For security, it is recommended you disable Bubble Tools in your dashboard when not using it and enable it only when you need it.**

## List All Commands

```
$ node src/cli.mjs
```

This will display a list of commands.  Each command has subcommands.  Use the following to list the subcommands for a command:

```
$ node src/cli.mjs <command>
```


## Configuration

All your addresses, your wallet (including local private keys) and any configuration files are held in the `~/.bubble-tools` directory.

### Change Blockchain Provider

Create or edit the `~/.bubble-tools/provider` file and give your provider url and blockchain in JSON format.  E.g.:

```
{
  "blockchain": "ropsten",
  "blockchainUrl": "https://ropsten.infura.io/v3/YOUR_PROJECT_ID"
}
```

# Credits

Powered by Bubble Protocol